[Narrator] In ancient times,
there resided in Heaven
a nine-tailed fox spirit
that after centuries
of training,
attained immense power.
Appointed the guardian of
the God who ruled Heaven,
this fox spirit repelled
countless crises.
But even God himself, slowly
began to fear this spirit.
Until, he ordered its execution.
Outraged at this betrayal,
the fox spirit used
its fearsome power
to destroy half of Heaven
then descended to Earth.
Once it had exhausted
all of its power,
the fox spirit swore
revenge on God.
Then fell into a long sleep.
(upbeat music)
♪ You make it look easy
♪ I'm thinkin' hard right now
♪ Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out
♪ You got me speechless
♪ Opening my mouth
♪ I was keeping it secret
♪ But the word got out
♪ You're fast then you're slow
♪ Why you call then you fold
♪ You're luring me out now
♪ Till the walls come down
♪ Yes then you're no
♪ But I'm not letting go
♪ I'll be your contradiction
(upbeat music continues)
♪ Contradiction
♪ I'll be your contradiction
(upbeat music continues)
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call then you fold
♪ You're fast then you're slow
♪ Slow slow slow
♪ Yes then you're no
♪ But I'm not letting go
♪ I'll be your contradiction
(dramatic music)
(Mori gasps)
(dramatic music continues)
What is this feeling?
It's like something deep
inside my body is trembling.
(Daewi gasps)
(dramatic music continues)
My charyeok's resonating
with his energy.
Is he the Key?
(dramatic music continues)
(monitor beeps)
(Jugok groans)
There's no question, I feel it.
This is the energy of the
nine-tailed fox spirit
that destroyed half of Heaven.
The dark power that defies God.
This time I'll make sure
it sleeps for all eternity.
(Mujin laughs)
You think I'm gonna
let you get away?
(dramatic music continues)
Oh, I'm sure it won't be easy.
Huh, Seungah?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, Seungah?
Your nose is...
(Hyeonbok gasps)
I'm just getting
started, Mori Jin.
Sounds like fun.
Stay calm.
Figure out what
his abilities are.
(dramatic music continues)
You're not charging in
blindly, that's a smart move.
(Mori smirks)
(punch sound)
(Mori gasps)
Taekkyon, The
Transience of Life.
(Mori grunts)
(both gasp)
(Ilpyo fires)
(Mori thuds)
He's strong.
Yeah.
Damn it, I'm not,
gonna lose.
Here I come.
(Mori screams)
Taekkyon, Transience of Life.
(air gushes)
Blue Dragon Tempest.
(air blasts)
(crowd grunts)
That won't work again.
(Mori groans)
He's strong, how can I...
(Ilpyo groans)
What's wrong?
Looks to me like you're
in a lot of pain.
It's nothing you
need to worry about.
(fire blasts)
(Mori grunts)
(kick sound)
(both grunt)
(punch sound)
(dramatic music continues)
So that's it.
Charyeok isn't just
about borrowing power
from some divine being.
(fire blasts)
(Mori groans)
Ouch.
(Mori chuckles)
When it's all said and done,
you're still fighting with
your own mind and body.
Which means, we're
both the same.
(Ilpyo breathes)
He hasn't-
He hasn't given up yet.
(Mori smirks)
(uplifting music)
(Ilpyo breathes)
(Ilpyo smirks)
(uplifting music continues)
(both grunt)
(fire blasts)
(uplifting music continues)
Let's finish this thing.
(Mori smirks)
(uplifting music continues)
You know you really were
quite a strong opponent.
(fox spirit growls)
Mori Jin.
(fox spirits whoosh)
(Mori gasps)
(dramatic music)
(fireball blasts)
(dramatic music continues)
(Ilpyo gasps)
(crowd grunt)
(dramatic music continues)
(Taek smirks)
(monitor beeps)
(Jugok groans)
(dramatic music continues)
(crowd gasps)
What the heck is that?
Is everything okay?
(thunder roars)
(electricity cracks)
You are, what are you?
(Ilpyo gasps)
(Ilpyo grunts)
(fire blasts)
Night Parade of 100 Demons.
(dramatic music continues)
(Mori grunts)
(air blasts)
(Ilpyo groans)
(dramatic music continues)
(hand thuds)
Ilpyo Park has been knocked out.
Winner, Mori Jin.
(crowd cheers)
Great job, Mori.
(Mira laughs)
Whoa.
Congrats.
Uh?
I'm complimenting you.
Hey, what was that?
Charyeok?
Yeah, what the heck was that?
Ilpyo, Ilpyo.
Say something.
(Ilpyo groans)
Huh?
Did I...
I see.
Nine-Tails lost, but how?
That energy we felt,
what could that've been?
(Mujin smirks)
(Sang sighs)
It looks as though it would
be wise to exercise caution.
(girl grunts)
Shit.
(Mujin thuds)
[Sang] I'll be
taking my leave now.
(dramatic music)
Huh?
(Mujin smirks)
(phone rings)
[Man] Hello?
Is it done?
[Man] Yes.
Good, then secure
the Key at once.
[Man] He needs a medical
exam and treatment first,
so we're taking him to the
hospital and assigning security.
(Mujin smirks)
I see.
(crowd cheering)
(dramatic music continues)
Looks like everything's
about taken care of,
so we can get moving soon.
Have them wait at
the chosen location.
I'm concerned Mandeok's
still planning something.
(Mujin smirks)
(dramatic music)
(dramatic music continues)
(crowd chattering)
[Both] Thank you.
(doors slams)
(Hyeonbok laughs)
Sorry I lost.
(both gasp)
Guess my strength wasn't enough.
That's not true.
Yeah.
Are you kidding me?
You did more than enough.
Dude, that was charyeok, right?
I'd say so.
I'm pretty surprised too.
So then, were you able
to keep your promise?
Yeah, or at least part of it.
The promise I made,
isn't one that can be
fulfilled right away, you know?
I realized that
during the fight.
I see.
(Ilpyo gasps)
What the...
Oh.
Yo.
(Mori laughs)
How you doing?
What do you know?
Well speak of the
devil, I guess.
He's a tough guy isn't he?
(Ilpyo smirks)
(Mori laughs)
So how're you feeling?
I'm doing fine, thanks.
You?
A whole heck of a lot better
than you, as you can see.
Nah man, I'm just laying low,
doing what the nurses told me.
I'm actually way healthier
than you any day of the week.
Don't try too hard, man.
I think you're the one
who's trying too hard.
Whatever, I'm super healthy.
Hey, you still
need to be careful.
Hey, knock it off.
No, you.
No way.
So Mori Jin, was that charyeok
you used during the match?
Huh, you know what?
I'm not sure actually.
It surprised me too.
Wow, that's exactly
what Ilpyo said.
(Seungah sighs)
Can you grow up?
You'll never get better
if you act like this.
[Both] Sorry.
She's as scary as Mira.
I can hear you.
(Mori chokes)
You know, Seungah's
right, though.
You should be
resting up as well.
(Ilpyo sighs)
You used up a lot of
your strength out there.
(Mori groans)
(Seungah gasps)
Yeah, maybe.
Guess I'll start heading back.
Uh, wait hang on a sec.
Huh?
Well since you're already
here, wanna do me a favor?
Could you guys go pick up
some snacks to go with this?
Oh, sure.
I can go take care
of that myself.
No way, I'll go with you.
Huh, really, I got this.
No debate, I'm going.
Now move.
Wait but Seungah, shouldn't
you follow your own advice?
[Seungah] Yeah, yeah come on.
[Hyeonbok] I'm just saying,
you're the one who said-
[Seungah] Move, seriously.
So hey, did you wanna
talk about something?
Yeah.
Mm.
I'm here about my grandpa.
About Taejin Jin?
So Taejin Jin is still missing.
I don't know where he is.
Which is why I have to win at
all costs and get that intel.
I have to save my grandpa.
So that's what's driving you.
Your opponent in the finals,
Taek Jegal is gonna
be real tough.
(sad music)
But you can beat him, I know it.
If you keep making that face,
Taejin's gonna be
the one saving you.
You're right.
(baby cries)
(baby laughs)
(boy laughs)
(Ilpyo laughs)
Ilpyo, I wanna fight you
again after GOH is over.
Big Brother Ilpyo.
Huh?
Technically I'm older than you,
so I think you should
call me Big Brother Ilpyo.
Don't you agree?
(Mori grunts)
Big Brother Ilpyo?
Yep.
We should fight again.
(computer buzzes)
(Hyangdan breathes)
No, Master.
(Jugok groans)
I haven't, haven't,
lost yet.
(dramatic music)
It's energy seems
to have hit him.
(Jugok groans)
I will not lose.
Do, re, mi, fa...
(electricity cracks)
(Taek groans)
Watch me.
Grandfather I am going to win.
(Jugok groans)
I just don't have time to
waste on losers like you.
So, la, ti, do.
(electricity cracks)
(Taek grunts)
Master, stop.
(Jugok breathes)
(Hyangdan breathes)
Ha, perfect.
(Hyangdan screams)
(Hyangdan groans)
(dramatic music continues)
(Hyangdan thuds)
(both groan)
I'm sorry, Master.
Hyangdan become my,
strength.
I guess we bought
a little too much.
We thought Mori
would be here to-
(gasps)
What's that?
(dramatic music)
(gasps)
(dramatic music continues)
(siren wails)
That bastard.
(Hyeonbok screams)
(Seungah screams)
Seungah, Hyeonbok.
(Ilpyo grunts)
Grandfather I am strong.
I won't lose.
Is that Jugok Jeon?
(dramatic music continues)
[Man] This is HQ.
Come in, come in Alpha, come in.
(dramatic music continues)
He absorbed all those people?
(both groan)
I can't let this
drag on any longer.
(Jugok growls)
(Ilpyo grunts)
(slap sound)
(Jugok growls)
(Ilpyo grunts)
(dramatic music continues)
Keep your hands off
my prey, I'm not done.
(Jugok groans)
(Jugok chokes)
(Ilpyo gasps)
(Jugok grunts)
(Ilpyo grunts)
(dramatic music continues)
(both groan)
(Ilpyo gasps)
Seungah, Hyeonbok.
(dramatic music continues)
Put them down.
(Seungah gasps)
(Seungah screams)
(Hyeonbok groans)
Master, Master, please.
Don't lose your composure sir.
(Jugok grunts)
It'll be all right.
I'm fine, don't you worry.
(dramatic music continues)
(Jugok growls)
(shark growls)
End of the line for you trash.
(Hyangdan gasps)
No, Master.
(Hyeonbok thuds)
(Seungah thuds)
Seungah, Hyeonbok.
(Hyeonbok groans)
(blood splashes)
[Hyeonbok] My arm.
(Ilpyo gasps)
(dramatic music)
(Seungah groans)
My, my leg.
(Ilpyo groans)
No.
(sad music)
(dramatic music)
My God in Heaven.
The Key stands before you.
The time for purging has come.
(dramatic music)
Hey, those guys are worth
10 million yen a pop.
(dramatic music continues)
(both cry)
I'm gonna kill you.
( Taek smirks)
Just like old times, isn't it?
(punch sound)
Say Your Sorry! Say it,
say you're sorry.
But I'm not the same as I was.
[Ilpyo] Die.
(dramatic music)
(fire blasts)
(dramatic music continues)
(Taek thuds)
(window smashes)
(dramatic music continues)
As of this exact moment,
the God of High School
tournament has come to an end.
(upbeat music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high
let's go discover ♪
♪ Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going
♪ Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams you and me
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming
♪ We'll fight them all
together not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win
♪ La La La La La La La La
♪ Cause we know that we'll win
♪ We lift us up high we
help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win
♪ La La La La La La La La
♪ Cause we know that we'll win
(upbeat music)